This module converts the Si446x configuration definitions from c-files
to python code. The source code is a copy of various radio configuration
files in the mammark repository. By using the same configuration source
files, we ensure that the MSP432 and RPi platforms operate with identical
radio configurations. Specific files from the si446x Tinyos project are
copied to this directory and committed to the TagNet repository to
control known working versions.

The Si446x configuration is is based on several sources being combined
by sequentially loading the configuration pstring (pascal-like strings)
lists from each of the parts of the system that having something to
contribute. The configuration start with files produced by the Silicon
Labs WDS tool. It produces one or two files (depending on if a patch
is included) that are sourced to create the list of pstrings that
contain the specific configuration produced by the WDS program and saved
in this file (WITHOUT CHANGE). Once this list of pstrings have been
loaded into the radio chip, the list of configuration pstrings that
are required by the driver to operate properly (e.g., things like
transmit and receive control). This is followed by the list of
configuration pstrings from ...





## Required Files

    - mm/tos/chips/si446x/
      - {Si446xConfigDevice.h,si446x.h,si446xRadio.h,si446xWDS_*.h}

    - mm/tos/platform/{dev6a,mm6a}/hardware/si446x/
      - {RadioConfig.h, Si446xConfigPlatform.h}

# Configuration related details:

### In directory tos/chips/si446x

    - Si446xConfigDevice.h (formerly Si446xLocalConfig.h)
      - provides si446x_device_config[]
        - radio configuration pstrings required by this driver

    - Si446xWDS_*.h
      - several alternative radio config files found in this directory
      - each provides an alternate si446x_wds_config[]
        - radio configuration pstrings generated by the WDS program
      - included by tos/platform/hardware/si446x/Si446xConfigWDS.h

    - si446x.h
      - common radio chip low level definitions

    - Si446xCmdP.nc
      - uses config files
        - RadioConfig.h
        - si446x.h
      - provides
        - uint8_t **get_config_lists()
        - const uint8_t *config_list[] = {si446x_wds_config, si446x_device_config, NULL};

    - Si446xRadio.h
      - radio packet format definition


### In directory tos/platforms/{dev6a,mm6a}/hardware/si446x

    - RadioConfig.h
      - includes
        - Si446xConfigWDS.h
        - Si446xConfigPlatform.h
        - Si446xConfigDevice.h
      - used by
        - Si446xDriverLayerC.nc (for TRadio)
        - Si446xCmdP.nc (for radio config pstrings)

    - Si446xConfigPlatform.h
      - radio configuration pstrings required by the platform

    - Si446xConfigWDS.h
      - provides
        - si446x_wds_config[]
      - includes
        - one of the files named tos/chip/si446x/Si446xWDS_*.h
